Add Certified Nodes post (#3396)
FlowFuse/website: src/blog/2025/06/certified-nodes-v2.md

description: "FlowFuse announces Certified Nodes v2.0 - a new program that financially rewards Node-RED node developers based on enterprise usage and success."
date: 2025-06-23
authors: ["zeger-jan-van-de-weg"]
image: blog/2025/06/images/certified-nodes-v2.png
tags:
   - flowfuse
   - node-red
   - certified-nodes
   - developers
---

Node-RED is a powerful tool for building automation and IoT projects. Its strength lies in its vibrant open-source community and the vast library of nodes that allow you to connect to almost anything. But for professional developers and system integrators, this vastness can present a challenge. How do you know which nodes are secure, reliable, and actively maintained? And for the talented developers building these nodes, how do you get rewarded for the countless hours spent creating and supporting them?

At FlowFuse, we believe that the creators of high-quality, dependable nodes deserve to be compensated for their expertise and effort. That's why we are thrilled to announce a revolutionary update to our ecosystem: **FlowFuse Certified Nodes v2.0**.

> This isn't just an update; it's a new paradigm. For the first time, we are creating a direct financial link between the success of our enterprise customers and the developers who build the critical nodes they rely on.

Reviewer: This excerpt is too long, around 80–100 characters would look better.
<img width="912" alt="Screenshot 2025-06-25 at 09 37 55" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7a202b42-9163-4650-870b-29e42d46f504" />

If a maintainer is unable to uphold these standards, FlowFuse will step in to assume maintenance, guaranteeing that the nodes our customers depend on remain stable and secure. This ensures a win-win: developers are rewarded for their commitment, and users get the peace of mind that comes with a professionally supported and vetted node library.

## Why Partner with FlowFuse?

Joining the FlowFuse Certified Nodes v2.0 program means more than just a new revenue stream. It means:

- **Visibility:** Get your nodes in front of leading system integrators and enterprise clients who are looking for reliable solutions
- **Collaboration:** Become part of a collaborative ecosystem where your work is valued and supported by a dedicated partner
- **Focus on What You Do Best:** Let us handle the initial support and marketing, so you can focus on building incredible nodes

## Ready to Turn Your Nodes into Revenue?

If you are a developer or a company that has built high-quality Node-RED nodes and are committed to maintaining them, we want to talk to you. Let's work together to build a more sustainable, professional, and rewarding future for the entire Node-RED ecosystem.

> **Have a node you think is ready for the big leagues? Let's chat about getting it certified.**

Reviewer: How about this? Line 27 refers to the official name as `Certified Node Publisher program`.

```suggestion
**Think your node is ready for the Certified Node Publisher program? Let’s talk about getting it FlowFuse Certified.**
```

---
title: "Supercharge Your Node-RED Development: Get Paid for Your Code with FlowFuse Certified Nodes 2.0"
subtitle: "Revolutionary update creating a direct financial link between enterprise success and node developers"
description: "FlowFuse announces Certified Nodes v2.0 - a new program that financially rewards Node-RED node developers based on enterprise usage and success."
date: 2025-06-23
authors: ["zeger-jan-van-de-weg"]

> image: /blog/2025/06/images/certified-nodes-v2.png

Author: @Yndira-E Can you make one?

- **Expert Support:** Ability to provide advanced technical support and guidance
  that goes beyond basic troubleshooting

Our certification process ensures that every node in the certified nodes
ecosystem meets these exacting standards. When enterprises choose certified
nodes, they gain access not just to code, but to the expertise and ongoing
support of recognized industry professionals. This creates a sustainable model
where expert knowledge is properly valued and enterprises receive the
reliability they require.

## Why Partner with FlowFuse?

Joining the FlowFuse Certified Nodes v2.0 program means becoming part of an
elite community of experts. Moreover, there's now a financial reward for doing
so. FlowFuse commits a fixed percentage of our FlowFuse Enterprise Platform Fee
to be distributed quarterly to the node authors.

If you are an expert developer or organization that has built exceptional
Node-RED nodes and are committed to maintaining the highest professional
standards, we want to collaborate with you. Let's work together to create a more
sustainable, professional ecosystem that connects enterprise users with the
industry's leading experts.

> [Contact us to discuss your node certification](/contact-us/)

Reviewer: I've created a [new form](https://app-eu1.hubspot.com/submissions/26586079/form/6e02fe34-13c3-442b-8c27-9a12e72bba37/performance?redirectUrl=https%3A%2F%2Fapp-eu1.hubspot.com%2Fforms%2F26586079%2Fviews%2Fall_forms) so it doesn't get mixed up with the MQL workflow triggered by the contact-us form. Feel free to adjust the fields as you see fit.
```suggestion
### Contact us to discuss your node certification

<script charset="utf-8" type="text/javascript" src="//js-eu1.hsforms.net/forms/embed/v2.js"></script>
<script>
  hbspt.forms.create({
    portalId: "26586079",
    formId: "6e02fe34-13c3-442b-8c27-9a12e72bba37",
    region: "eu1"
  });
</script>
```
